feat(csp)!: make runtime utils optional instead of throwing (#15266)
withastro/astro: .changeset/tall-needles-cross.md

---
'astro': major
---

> Makes `Astro.csp` and `context.csp` optional instead of throwing if CSP is not enabled

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Allows `Astro.csp` and `context.csp` to be undefined instead of throwing errors when `csp: true` is not configured
```
Is this true? Something like this?

> Until now, `context.csp` was always defined but would throw if CSP was not enabled in the Astro config. `context.csp` can now be undefined if CSP is not enabled and its methods will never throw.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When using the experimental Content Security Policy feature in Astro 5.x, `context.csp` was always defined but would throw if `experimental.csp` was not enabled in the Astro config. 

For the stable version of this API in Astro 6, `context.csp` can now be undefined if CSP is not enabled and its methods will never throw.
```
